feat: add `--locked` option to the `build` command (#656)
microsoft/windows-drivers-rs: crates/cargo-wdk/README.md

Options:
      --profile <PROFILE>          Build artifacts with the specified profile
      --target-arch <TARGET_ARCH>  Build for the target architecture
      --verify-signature           Verify the signature
      --sample                     Build sample class driver project
  -h, --help                       Print help

Manifest Options:
      --locked   Require Cargo.lock is up to date
      --offline  Run without accessing the network

>       --frozen   Require Cargo.lock and cache are up to date

Reviewer: This is from `cargo build`'s help:

```text
      --locked               Assert that `Cargo.lock` will remain unchanged
      --offline               Run without accessing the network
      --frozen               Equivalent to specifying both --locked and --offline
```

We should use the exact same text as far as possible. Doing so reinforces the idea that these flags are the same as `cargo` flags. So our help should be:

```text
      --locked               Assert that `Cargo.lock` will remain unchanged
      --offline               Build code without accessing the network
      --frozen               Equivalent to specifying both --locked and --offline
```

Notice that I'm using the word "Build" in the `--offline` help instead of "Run" used in `cargo build`'s `--offline` help. That is because in our case even if we pass `--offline` we will still access the network in our packaging phase.

Maybe this should cause a rethink on whether we should use the word `--offline` at all.

Author: In an internal discussion we decided to add support for `locked` flag at the moment to ensure reproducible CI builds. Supporting `--offline` and `--frozen` (in the same sense as `cargo` does) means the `cargo wdk build` command must support/define behavior in air-gapped environments. Though `cargo` accepts these options and guarantees execution without accessing the network, the packaging phase, specifically time stamping using `signtool`, requires access to the network. [Issue 631](https://github.com/microsoft/windows-drivers-rs/issues/631) talks about the same. So, we decided to resolve offline support in a subsequent PR.

      --sign-mode <SIGN_MODE>      Driver signing mode [default: test] [possible values: off, test]
      --verify-signature           Verify the signature
      --sample                     Build sample class driver project
      --locked                     Assert that `Cargo.lock` will remain unchanged
  -h, --help                       Print help

Verbosity:
  -v, --verbose...  Increase logging verbosity
  -q, --quiet...    Decrease logging verbosity
```

> `build` takes a number of inputs specifying build profile (`dev` or `release`), target architecture (`amd64` or `arm64`), the driver signing mode, a flag enabling signature verification and a flag indicating a sample driver, a flag enabling the `--locked` flag passthrough to `cargo`, along with verbosity flags.

Author: Reverted

      --sample                     Build sample class driver project
  -h, --help                       Print help

Manifest Options:
      --locked   Require Cargo.lock is up to date
      --offline  Run without accessing the network
      --frozen   Require Cargo.lock and cache are up to date

Verbosity:
  -v, --verbose...  Increase logging verbosity
  -q, --quiet...    Decrease logging verbosity
```

> `build` takes a number of inputs specifying build profile (`dev` or `release`), target architecture (`amd64` or `arm64`), a flag enabling signature verification and a flag indicating a sample driver along with verbosity flags. It also accepts the cargo manifest flags `--locked`, `--offline` and `--frozen`, which are forwarded to the underlying `cargo` invocations (e.g. `cargo build`, `cargo metadata`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`build` takes a number of inputs specifying build profile (`dev` or `release`), target architecture (`amd64` or `arm64`), a flag enabling signature verification and a flag indicating a sample driver along with verbosity flags. It also accepts cargo manifest options `--locked`, `--offline` and `--frozen`, which are forwarded to `cargo`.
```
Slightly shorter

Author: Changed to following:

> 
`build` takes a number of inputs specifying build profile (`dev` or `release`), target architecture (`amd64` or `arm64`), the driver signing mode, a flag enabling signature verification and a flag indicating a sample driver, a flag enabling the `--locked` flag passthrough to `cargo`, along with verbosity flags.

    ```pwsh
    cargo wdk build --target-arch amd64
    ```

- To build a driver project with a strict, reproducible dependency lockfile (e.g. for CI), navigate to the root of the project and run:

    ```pwsh
    cargo wdk build --locked

>     ```

Reviewer: This is example is not needed. We don't need to add examples for every commandline line arg

Author: Removed example from README
